####
This app renders both the order information and the worker who is assigned to the specific order on a page.  The work orders can be filtered by the worker, and sorted by date.  

####
To get the required information, the first step (in the WorkOrders container ) I took was to send a request to the work orders endpoint in componentDidMount.  Before I set the result to state, I want to send a second request to the workers API endpoint so that I can associate each order with a specific worker.  I do this by calling a function called getData() that does 3 main things.  First, it gets all the worker ids from the work orders array that I pass to the function as an argument, and then filters out only the first instance of each worker id.  The function then concatenates each id in the array to the workers endpoint, and pushes each fetch request into a promise array that is to be resolved by a Promise.all function. The third step is the Promise.all function which not only resolves the promises in array but also does some transformations prior to setting the state.  The first transformation is the response object, which I trimmed into a new object that contains only the worker data that I required.  The second transformation is a bit more complicated, but essentially I want to add a name property to the work orders information that I got from the first API endpoint before I set this data to the state.  I use the existing id property that is found in both the orders and the worker data as a connection point, to transform the work orders and add a new name property to each order object in the orders array.  This is done so that I am able to create a connection between the work orders data and a search box that is able to filter out work orders by the assigned workers name.  The final step in the getData function is to set the state for both the orders and the workers, so that I can render the relevant information onto the window.

###
search is implemented by using the indexOf function to filter out work orders by name dynamically.  If the entered worker isn't found, then the display reads 'No Worker Found', otherwise I map the filtered array containing only work orders of a specific worker onto the screen.  The sort functionality is fairly simple to implement because the time in the data is already in milliseconds and this is just a simple case of using the javascript sort function and sorting which is smallest or largest.  I wasn't sure how to implement a switch, so I used a drop down box instead.

###
The hardest part of the assignment was figuring out how to use promise.all.  When I originally tried to concatenate the workerId to the worker endpoint, I was having a bunch of issues because the request would be sent with extra characters added to the left of the id value.  This must have been some kind of auto encoding that I wasn't aware of, but it gave me a ton of trouble.  Because of this, I used a workaround and filtered out the ids into a separate array, concatenated those values into fetch requests and pushed to an array.  Luckily it worked! 